okay here's what I got going on today
I'm going to show you what I go by for
mixing my inks to dye my wigs I'm gonna
die this wig a dark dark blackish
burgundy on top to fade into a light
lighter purple burgundy red on the
bottom this is what I use I use the
color mixing Bible by inside away and
what it has inside let me show you it's
got your pencils it's got soft pastels
gosh watercolors and even shows you like
what color you start out with if you're
gonna start out with lemon yellow and
you mix crimson red that's what color
it's going to transition into I mean it
shows the whole chart in case you have
any questions this shows what colors
you're gonna be using and how it's gonna
mix with the color ink I always
recommend you test it on a test subject
this is the doll that matches up to my
wig that's the color I'm wanting to come
out with I came I put this color using
the Tim Holtz red pepper I put that on
first then I put on the wild plum that
gave it kind of a pinkish purple and
then at the top to get a darker color
more of a burgundy I used the current
that's a darker red it's darker than the
red pepper red pepper I mean it's it's
pretty bright and I do recommend if
you're wanting to mix colors get this
book or any color mixing book I mean
there's different ones out there not
just this one I've I have several I just
like this one best and that's pretty
much what I'm going to do and I will do
a video on how to dye this wig burgundy
so stay tuned and subscribe to my
channel if you like it tell me if you
have any questions and I'll try to help
you out no you cannot die dark to light
this is a kind of dark wig so I'm going
to dye it darker so it's going to be a
darker burgundy red purple
but you can die light wigs too dark just
to let you know you can't lift color but
you can add color